# Day 01 / Apr 27 2026

So, today I was hopping that I could implement more commands
but have two main problems.

1 - I did not read well the docs for the Command struct
(I need to read more carefully in the future),
I try to put the ping command directly, also in the else 
statement I was returning a String, for the moment the most 
simple solution it is to return another command with an Echo 
message.

2 - Problems the import of modules on other folder and files
made me realize that I do not full understand the proper
logic to manage the project trough a well stablished structure.

# Day 02 / Apr 28 2026

Today I didn't program to much, I spent the morning learning with 
the book of CLI Rust. Nonetheless, I get to clean the **ping** 
response in a most readable manner for a normal person.
I think that this  must be a priority for the end user, even
between programmers, not everybody has knowledge of Internet 
Connection or what tools you have to make a diagnosis of 
the current status of the service.

# Day 03-05 / 29 Apr to 1 May

I forgot to document my experience of the last days,
today I don't do anything with the project,but the 2 days before
I was fighting to do some unit test. I try to have a separated
file test for the `commands` module, where I didn't what to
convert the file to a `lib.rs` (the reality is that I don't know 
the implications), but the easiest solution was to create
a `lib.` but at the `src` folder that imports the module.

Another thing, is that **Github** don't mark the green check
of my last to commits :(
It is a minor thing but it is nice to have the check and
don't know if today will be the same.

# Day 06 / May 5 2026

I didn't work on the project for a few day due to the redaction
of legal documents of another project. But today I automatized
the testing of DNS and IP directions, but my ISP appears to
have the IPV6 directions disable.
In another order of ideas, I want to have a better statistics on the
 measurements of the ping process.

# Day 07 / May 6 2026

Work with String is even more complicated that The Book (of Rust)
tell you. I have come to REALLY appreciate the work that 
the people that make programming languages do to facilitate us
the use of string.

I separate the cleaning of time result in a new function to use those values
and create and overall statistic of performance. The next step will be
to create a General statistic of al DNS performance.

I think that the best will be to create option for all kind of operations,
this can be one but maybe can I create a general option that allows the user to 
set the numbers of ping to do.
